All right everybody let's keep going.
What else can we do to this page
to make it look more like this one.
Well I want the text uppercased here.
You can see over here that
this is all in capitals.
This is not. I mean I could change
this if I want to capital letters.
I can also add a style
to make everything uppercase.
But there's also another useful
one that comes with Bootstrap.
I can actually add a class
and use a class in Bootstrap
called "text-uppercase".
If I save this and refresh.
Look at that!
Everything is uppercased.
That's awesome.
Now what about the button.
Let's add some Bootstrap
styling to the buttons again.
Let's say you don't know how to add Bootstrap
styles or you don't know the classes.
We can always go to the
documentation and search buttons.
There we go.
We see that we have some
button classes that we can use.
In our case, let's use this one.
Button primary. So I'm going to
copy comeback and with this button.
Let's give it a class of "btn-primary".
If I save and refresh. Hey look at that!
We have a Bootstrap button already.
That's really really cool.
But you know what I want to
have a different color right.
I want the button to look more like this.
Something nicer so we can
add our own custom CSS.
Let's call this class
"btn-xl" or extra large button
and this isn't a Bootstrap class.
If I save this and refresh
nothing will happen.
Instead we can create this "btn-xl"
right here in our own style sheet.
So let's say "btn" or ".btn-xl"
is going to be let's make this
a little bit bigger is going to
have padding of let's say
"1rem" on the sides and "2rem"
top bottom.
If I refresh this.
That's better.
That's a lot bigger.
So we have an extra large button.
Now we can add sizes or we can
add different properties here.
But since we named this class "btn-xl"
we should just leave it the
way it's describing things that
is to make the button larger.
So instead let's just modify the
existing classes that we have
which is the "btn" and "btn-primary".
So if I go back here we can
say that the "btn" class
will have a "font-weight" of let's
say "700" and a "border-radius"
that is to make the edges more circular.
And we'll give it "300px".
If I save this and refresh.
Mm hmm.
That's a lot better.
I like that.
And I want this capitalized
as well and I can use the
"text-uppercase" class as we've seen before
or I can just in here say
"text-transform" and just say "uppercase".
So just to use a CSS class. If I refresh.
Mm hmm.
That looks really really nice.
Now let's keep going here.
Let's add another class
here which is "btn-primary".
So we're just adding on to the
Bootstrap styles that we have
and we'll just give it a "background-color"
of what should we do.
Well if we go back to this page again
we inspect right here by hovering
and we click we see over here as we scroll
down what color we're using over here.
Let's see.
Where is the color?
Oh there it is right here.
So I'm going to copy the color add
it here. If I hit save and refresh.
Hey look at that!
That's really really nice.
But one thing you'll notice
is that the border over here.
If we scroll or zoom in you see
that the border has a bit of blue.
And that's default for the Bootstrap theme.
So instead let's add a border as well.
So call it "border-color"
and give it the same color.
If I refresh that's much better although
now we're hovering and it's turning blue.
That's OK but I don't like it.
Let's make it hover so it's still orange
but maybe a little bit darker orange.
So what can we do here?
Again we've seen this before.
We can just say "btn-primary: hover"
and in here we can just
add "background-color"
to be something a little
bit different than this.
In this case we're going to
use a color that is "#ee4b08".
Don't worry I didn't memorize this.
This is just something that, well
I knew that I used when I
made this website first.
So don't worry you never
need to memorize hex colors.
Next we'll do the same
for the "border-color".
So once again we'll make the
"border-color" the same as we have here.
That's great.
I also want to increase
the "border-width" actually
to just make it a little bit
bigger when we hover over it.
So let's just give it an
extra "4px" and let's save.
If I refresh and hover and look at that!
That's awesome so that's
looking really really nice.
So we have the button.
It's looking pretty good.
We have our header.
That's looking pretty great as well.
The other thing I want to
add is this little line here
just to give it a little
extra flair to the page
and we can use something called
an "hr" here or a horizontal line.
So the "hr" tag which we
can just put in between.
So let's say "hr" is a horizontal line.
So if I refresh here I don't
know if you can see it.
Well because it's dark.
But let's add some styling to it.
So let's say in here that we
want the "hr"s on our page
to have a "border-color"
of the orange that we've
had before which is this one over here.
So let's say "border-color" is this.
If I save and refresh.
All right.
Look at that.
There's our little line.
It's a little thin though so
let's add a bit of sizing.
So I'll say
"border-witdh" and give it let's say "3px".
And if I refresh.
All right.
That's getting bigger.
That's good.
But I don't want this
to be the entire page.
I only want it a little bit
just like we see it here.
So we have a CSS property
here that we can use
called "max-width" which as
the name suggests tells us
exactly what's the maximum
width of this thing.
In our case let's say "65px".
So if I save this and
refresh. That's much better.
All right. We're making progress
here but there is an issue right.
Right now we have the content that we
want but it's all all over the place.
It's kind of ugly isn't it.
We want everything centered maybe
around this laptop over here.
And this is where Bootstrap really shines.
So let's figure that out in the next video.